docs: add tables features from 1.3 (#745)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/authoring/tables.qmd

For example `---|-` would make the first column 3/4 and the second column 1/4 of the full text width. On the other hand, if no lines are wider than column width, then cell contents will not be wrapped, and the cells will be sized to their contents.

### Markdown Tables and Bootstrap classes

> Bootstrap table classes given as attributes next to a table caption are now inserted into the `<table>` element. The classes permitted are those that apply expressly to the entire table, and these are: `"primary"`, `"secondary"`, `"success"`, `"danger"`, `"warning"`, `"info"`, `"light"`, `"dark"`, `"striped"`, `"hover"`, `"active"`, `"bordered"`, `"borderless"`, `"sm"`, `"responsive"`, `"responsive-sm"`, `"responsive-md"`, `"responsive-lg"`, `"responsive-xl"`, `"responsive-xxl"`. For example, the following Markdown table will be rendered with row stripes and the rows will also be highlighted on hover:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bootstrap table classes given as attributes next to a table caption are inserted into the `<table>` element. The classes permitted are those that apply expressly to the entire table, and these are: `"primary"`, `"secondary"`, `"success"`, `"danger"`, `"warning"`, `"info"`, `"light"`, `"dark"`, `"striped"`, `"hover"`, `"active"`, `"bordered"`, `"borderless"`, `"sm"`, `"responsive"`, `"responsive-sm"`, `"responsive-md"`, `"responsive-lg"`, `"responsive-xl"`, `"responsive-xxl"`. For example, the following Markdown table will be rendered with row stripes and the rows will also be highlighted on hover:
```

```
| fruit  | price  |
|--------|--------|
| apple  | 2.05   |
| pear   | 1.37   |
| orange | 3.09   |

: Fruit prices {.striped .hover}
```

> 

Reviewer: It might be nice to show the actual output here too.

Author: I added outputs and change a bit the layout for "old" examples.

-   Quarto [Visual Editor](https://quarto.org/docs/visual-editor/content.html#editing-tables)

-   Tables Generator's [Plain Text mode](https://www.tablesgenerator.com/text_tables) with `Use reStructuredText syntax` enabled

## HTML Tables

Quarto can process HTML tables in `html` `RawBlock` nodes (_i.e._, `{=html}`) in format and convert them to Markdown tables, regardless of output format (intentionally including non-HTML formats). As a result, you can use HTML table syntax in your documents and they will be properly converted to Markdown tables for all formats, and libraries which emit computational tables in HTML format can work in other output formats. In addition, this allows Lua filters to manipulate the content of tables specified in HTML format.

> 

Author: I added the Pandoc AST output and a link to the Lua filter page.

````html
```{=html}
<table>
  <caption>As described in the section above, Quarto are great.</caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Header 1</th>
      <th>Header 2</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
    <td><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/37/African_Bush_Elephant.jpg/220px-African_Bush_Elephant.jpg" alt="African Bush Elephant" /></td>
      <td>Regular output</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
```
````

In addition, Quarto supports the specification of embedded Markdown content in tables.
This is done by providing a data attribute `qmd` or `qmd-base64` in an embedded `span` or `div` node.
These nodes can appear anywhere that such content is allowed: table headers, footers, cells, captions, _etc._  
For example, consider the following table:

````qmd

## HTML Tables {#sec-html-tables}

> 

Author: It's included in the bigger code block to show the cross-reference thing as a self-contained example

```{=html}
<table>
  <caption><span data-qmd="As described in [Section -@sec-html-tables], Quarto are great."></span></caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th><span data-qmd="_Header 1_"></span></th>
      <th><span data-qmd="_Header 2_"></span></th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><span data-qmd="{{< video https://www.youtube.com/embed/wo9vZccmqwc >}}"></span></td>
      <td>Regular output</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
```
````

## Disabling Quarto Table Processing

> It's possible that Quarto processing of HTML tables interferes with your library's processing. If this is the case, you can disable Quarto's processing of HTML tables by adding the following data attribute to your table, _i.e._, `data-quarto-disable-processing="true"`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible that Quarto's processing of HTML tables interferes with your library's processing. If this is the case, you can disable Quarto's processing of HTML tables by adding the attribute `data-quarto-disable-processing="true"` to your table, e.g.:
```

             ]
         ])
      [ TableBody
          ( "" , [] , [] )
          (RowHeadColumns 0)
          []
          [ Row
              ( "" , [] , [] )
              [ Cell
                  ( "" , [] , [] )
                  AlignDefault
                  (RowSpan 1)
                  (ColSpan 1)
                  [ Plain
                      [ Image
                          ( "" , [] , [] )
                          [ Str "African"
                          , Space
                          , Str "Bush"
                          , Space
                          , Str "Elephant"
                          ]
                          ( "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/37/African_Bush_Elephant.jpg/220px-African_Bush_Elephant.jpg"
                          , ""
                          )
                      ]
                  ]
              , Cell
                  ( "" , [] , [] )
                  AlignDefault
                  (RowSpan 1)
                  (ColSpan 1)
                  [ Plain [ Str "Regular" , Space , Str "output" ] ]
              ]
          ]
      ]
      (TableFoot ( "" , [] , [] ) [])
  ]

> ```

Reviewer: This feels very advanced for our average Guide reader - I'm not sure most of them would even know what the Pandoc AST is, or what role it plays in Quarto. 

It feels like maybe it belongs in Extensions somewhere, i.e. it is more relevant to someone building an extension. I'm not sure there is a logical place for it right now though...

Author: Probably, although that's the only example of how it affects LUA filter that make sense.

I am fine with/without the example for this particular aspect of this feature.

Author: FYI, this was added in response to <https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-web/pull/745#discussion_r1232586233>, but I might have misunderstood your comment.

Reviewer: Hmmm...I've lost the context of my comment there. Let me re-deploy the preview and take another look.

Reviewer: Ah, I see what I meant...I just wanted a little text something like: "For example, the following raw HTML block ..." 
I'll make some edits directly.
